Fixed issue with Config.duplicate. Added test. (#367)
CSHS-CWRA/RavenPy: HISTORY.rst

* Upgraded `owslib` to `>=0.29.1`. (PR #358)
* All operations that open NetCDF files or DAP links accept an `engine` argument. The default for all of these is `h5netcdf`. (PR #358)
* Added `pydap` as an alternate backend for opening DAP links. (PR #358)

> * Make sure config and output paths are absolute (PR #360)
> * Fixed bug in `CustomOutput` command dating from the switch to Pydantic V2 in 0.13 (PR #360)
> * Fixed bug in `Config.duplicate` dating from the switch to Pydantic V2 in 0.13 (PR #367)

Reviewer: These changes need to be moved above.

```suggestion
* Fixed buggy CustomOutput command. (PR #360)
* Make sure config and output paths are absolute. (PR #360)
```
